
                                1 of 1 DOCUMENT


                              The Pioneer (India)

                     December 30, 2008 Tuesday 6:10 PM  EST

INDIA NOT FOR SETTING ANY TIMEFRAME, SAYS SHARMA

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 409  words


Shimla, Dec. 30 -- Union Minister of State for External affairs Anand Sharma on
Monday asked Pakistan to honour the world opinion and bring all those involved
in terrorist attacks in Mumbai to justice.

Setting no time frame for Pakistan to act, Sharma said it was due to India's
efforts on diplomatic front that Pakistan was totally isolated with entire world
expressing solidarity with India. Also, it was because of India's concerted
efforts that the United Nations banned LeT and some other organisations, he
said.

"Pakistan should act and not merely talk. But it is in a state of denial and
brazenly defying the world opinion," he told mediapersons here on Monday.

It is the responsibility of Pakistan to honour its commitment not to allow its
soil to be used for terrorist activities and take "desired" action against the
people named by United Nations and India for alleged involvement in terrorist
activities, he added.

Sharma appealed to all political parties to speak in one voice at this juncture
and cautioned that discordant notes on this crucial issue would negate the
efforts of the Government to force Pakistan to act.

Referring to the Assembly poll in Jammu & Kashmir, Sharma said that it was
victory of democracy and people of Kashmir and at the same time a lesson for
Pakistan to learn. He said that a turnout of about 62 per cent in the election
in spite of threats and boycott call by the terrorists should be an "eye opener"
for Pakistan and also the terrorists. He also asked the political parties not to
link the terrorist activities with any religion and said that terrorists had no
religion and killing of innocent people could not be justified at any cost
whatsoever may the reasons behind.

Sharma expressed grave concern over the Israeli attacks on Gaza strip and said
that sudden escalation of violence resulting in killing of large number of
people was deplorable. Both the parties should come to negotiating table to
sort-out the issues and refrain from indiscriminate use of force, he added.

Listing the achievements of the UPA Government, Sharma said that whatever
developmental activities were taking place in Himachal and other States were
also the result of the "flagship programmes of the UPA Government like Bharat
Nirman Yojana, NRHM, NREGP, waiving of loans of farmers, construction of roads
and setting up 30 Central universities, seven IIM and eight IIT."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-939871

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                       Copyright 2008 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
